Granddaughter-in-law, I came to see you and Yunting get engaged
The old lady is not my engagement today
Grandma, did you forget to take your medicine again?
My Xu family is your granddaughter-in-law
Mom, don't make a mess
Not him.
The photo of his granddaughter-in-law that Yunting showed me is him
Is the old lady delirious?
How could he be his wife for a year?
It's just that how can a small employee get along with Gu Yunting?
How did you do it?
I can't even watch a dementia old man
Make a joke
Sorry ma'am
I immediately took the old lady home
I'm not leaving, you want to see your granddaughter-in-law
Why are you so rude?
The old man should walk slowly
Jiang Yuning is a good person
I'll see who dares to touch him
Yunting